Chore: create d3m checklist (#41)
makerdao/pe-checklists: spell/d3m-checklist.md

# D3M Checklist

- IF new D3M is being onboarded
  - [ ] Ensure `ilk` follows the ilk format `DIRECT-XXX-YYY` (where `XXX` is the unique name of the module, such as `SPARK`, `SPARK-AAVE` and `YYY` is the token such as `DAI`, `USDS`)
  - Ensure the following contracts are deployed
    - `D3MPlan`
      - [ ] Optimizer is enabled
      - [ ] Optimize runs is set to `200`
      - [ ] Deployed contract matches the code in the [repo directory](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-direct-deposit/tree/master/src/plans)
      - Constructor params:
        - [ ] IF params exist, they match relevant values or addresses found in the Exec Sheet
      - `wards` state variable
        - [ ] `MCD_PAUSE_PROXY` is relied 
        - [ ] Deployer is denied
        - [ ] No other address has been relied
    - `D3MPool`
      - [ ] Optimizer is enabled
      - [ ] Optimize runs is set to `200`
      - [ ] Deployed contract matches the code in the [repo directory](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-direct-deposit/tree/master/src/pools)
      - Constructor params:

>         - [ ] `ilk_` matches bytes32 representation of ilk name in Exec Sheet

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
        - [ ] `ilk_` matches `bytes32` representation of ilk name in Exec Sheet
```

        - [ ] `hub_` matches `DIRECT_HUB` from chainlog

>         - [ ] IF dai exist, it matches `MCD_DAI` from chainlog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - [ ] IF `dai` exists, it matches `MCD_DAI` from chainlog
```

>         - [ ] IF `daiJoin` exist, it matches `MCD_JOIN_DAI` from chainlog
>         - [ ] IF `usdsJoin` exist, it matches `USDS_JOIN` from chainlog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - [ ] IF `daiJoin` exists, it matches `MCD_JOIN_DAI` from chainlog
        - [ ] IF `usdsJoin` exists, it matches `USDS_JOIN` from chainlog
```

        - [ ] IF other params exist, they match value or address in Exec sheet
      - `wards` state variable
        - [ ] `MCD_PAUSE_PROXY` is relied 
        - [ ] Deployer is denied
        - [ ] No other address has been relied
    - `D3MOracle`
      - [ ] Optimizer is enabled
      - [ ] Optimize runs is set to `200`
      - [ ] Deployed contract matches the code in the [repo](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-direct-deposit/blob/master/src/D3MOracle.sol)
      - Constructor params:
        - [ ] `vat_` matches `MCD_VAT`
        - [ ] `ilk_` matches bytes32 representation of ilk name in Exec Sheet
      - `wards` state variable
        - [ ] `MCD_PAUSE_PROXY` is relied 
        - [ ] Deployer is denied
        - [ ] No other address has been relied
    - IF `D3MPlan` has `operator` state variable

>       - [ ] Ensure it's a known multisig contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] Ensure it is a known multisig contract
```

      - [ ] The address is present in the Exec Sheet
    - IF any other contract is required as part of the new D3M module
      - [ ] Verified on etherscan
      - [ ] The address is present in the Exec Sheet
  - Ensure the following values are initialized
    - `D3MPlan`
      - [ ] `DIRECT_MOM` is relied

>       - [ ] IF `operator` exist, it is set to address in Exec sheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] IF `operator` exists, it is set to the address the in Exec sheet
```

>       - [ ] IF other `State variable` values specified in Exec sheet, they are set correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] IF other state variable values are specified in Exec sheet, they are set correctly
```

    - `D3MPool`
      - [ ] `hub` is set to `DIRECT_HUB` from chainlog
      - [ ] `ilk` name matches 
      - [ ] `vat` is set to `MCD_VAT` from chainlog

>       - [ ] IF `king` exist, it is set to `MCD_PAUSE_PROXY` from chainlog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] IF `king` exists, it is set to `MCD_PAUSE_PROXY` from chainlog
```

>       - [ ] IF other `State variable` values specified in Exec sheet, they are set correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] IF other State variable values are specified in the Exec sheet, they are set correctly
```

    - `D3MOracle`
      - [ ] `hub` is set to `DIRECT_HUB` from chainlog
    - `DIRECT_HUB`
      - `ilk` is added correctly

>         - [ ] `plan` is set to `D3MPlan` address for current D3M
>         - [ ] `pool` is set to `D3MPool` address for current D3M
>         - [ ] `tau` is set to value in Exec sheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - [ ] `plan` is set to `D3MPlan` address for the current D3M
        - [ ] `pool` is set to `D3MPool` address for the current D3M
        - [ ] `tau` is set to value in the Exec sheet
```

        - [ ] `culled` and `tic` values are not updated
    - `MCD_VAT`
      - [ ] `ilk` is initialized using [`vat.init(ilk)`](https://github.com/makerdao/dss/blob/fa4f6630afb0624d04a003e920b0d71a00331d98/src/vat.sol#L100-L103)

>       - [ ] `Line` is updated to `vat.Line() + gap`

Reviewer: This should probably be done only if the D3M is not managed through `AutoLine`.

        - [ ] `_symbol` matches current D3M `D3MPool.redeemable()` tokens symbol
    - `CHAINLOG`
      - `D3MPlan` is added to chainlog
        - [ ] Correct address is added
        - [ ] Name follows pattern `ILK_PREFIX_PLAN` (`ILK_PREFIX` matches [`ScriptTools.ilkToChainlogFormat(ilk)`](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-test/blob/36ff4adbcb35760614e0d2df864026991c23d028/src/ScriptTools.sol#L226-L239) return value)
      - `D3MPool` is added to chainlog
        - [ ] Correct address is added
        - [ ] Name follows pattern `ILK_PREFIX_POOL` (`ILK_PREFIX` matches [`ScriptTools.ilkToChainlogFormat(ilk)`](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-test/blob/36ff4adbcb35760614e0d2df864026991c23d028/src/ScriptTools.sol#L226-L239) return value)
      - `D3MOracle` is added to chainlog
        - [ ] Correct address is added
        - [ ] Name follows pattern `ILK_PREFIX_ORACLE` (`ILK_PREFIX` matches [`ScriptTools.ilkToChainlogFormat(ilk)`](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-test/blob/36ff4adbcb35760614e0d2df864026991c23d028/src/ScriptTools.sol#L226-L239) return value)
      - [ ] Bump `Chainlog` version 
  - Ensure the following functionality is covered with tests
    - `D3MPlan`

>       - [ ] IF `operator` exist, it matches the address in Exec sheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] IF `operator` exists, it matches the address in the Exec sheet
```

>       - [ ] IF other `State variable` values specified in Exec sheet, they are set correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] IF other state variable values are specified in the Exec sheet, they are set correctly
```

      - E2E test
        - [ ] Ensure `targetAssets` can be updated either by `MCD_PAUSE_PROXY` or by the `operator` (if present in `D3MPlan`) through setting `targetRate` or `targetAsset` directly.
        - [ ] `getTargetAssets` returns correct amount
    - `D3MPool`
      - [ ] `hub` matches `DIRECT_HUB` from chainlog
      - [ ] `ilk` matches bytes32 representation of ilk name in Exec Sheet
      - [ ] `vat` matches `MCD_VAT` from chainlog
      - [ ] Contract is activated (i.e. `require(D3MPool.active())`)
      - [ ] `redeemable` matches Liquidity pool token address or vault address

>       - [ ] IF other `State variable` values specified in Exec sheet, they are set correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] IF other state variable values are specified in the Exec sheet, they are set correctly
```

      - [ ] `D3MMom` is relied (i.e. `plan.wards(address(mom))`)

>       - [ ] IF `dai` exists, address matches `MCD_DAI` from chainlog
>       - [ ] IF `daiJoin` exists, address matches `MCD_JOIN_DAI` from chainlog
>       - [ ] IF `usds` exists, address matches `USDS` from chainlog
>       - [ ] IF `usdsJoin` exists, address matches `USDS_JOIN` from chainlog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] IF `dai` exists, it matches `MCD_DAI` from chainlog
      - [ ] IF `daiJoin` exists, it matches `MCD_JOIN_DAI` from chainlog
      - [ ] IF `usds` exists, it matches `USDS` from chainlog
      - [ ] IF `usdsJoin` exists, it matches `USDS_JOIN` from chainlog
```

      - [ ] IF Liquidity pool token exists, it matches the address in Exec sheet
      - [ ] IF `vault` exists, it matches the address in Exec sheet
      - [ ] IF `king` exists, address matches `MCD_PAUSE_PROXY` from chainlog
    - `D3MHub`

>       - [ ] `ilk.pool` address matches the address in Exec sheet
>       - [ ] `ilk.plan` address matches the address in Exec sheet
>       - [ ] `ilk.tau` value matches the value in Exec sheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] `ilk.pool` matches the address in Exec sheet
      - [ ] `ilk.plan` matches the address in Exec sheet
      - [ ] `ilk.tau` matches the value in Exec sheet
```

      - [ ] `ilk.culled` value is 0

>       - [ ] `vow` address matches `MCD_VOW` from chainlog
>       - [ ] `end` address matches `MCD_END` from chainlog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] `vow` matches `MCD_VOW` from chainlog
      - [ ] `end` matches `MCD_END` from chainlog
```

      - E2E test
        - [ ] `hub.exec(ilk)` updates debt correctly
    - `D3MOracle`

>       - [ ] `hub` address matches `DIRECT_MOM` from chainlog

Reviewer: Wrong key?
```suggestion
      - [ ] `hub` matches `DIRECT_HUB` from chainlog
```

    - `D3MMom`
      - [ ] `authority` matches `MCD_ADM` from chainlog
      - E2E test
        - [ ] `mom.disable(D3MPlan)` deactivate the plan contract

>         - [ ] Executing `hub.exec(ilk)` after disabling plan, update both `ink`, `art` to smaller than `WAD`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - [ ] Executing `hub.exec(ilk)` after disabling plan, update both `ink`, `art` to a value `< 1 * WAD`
```

    - `MCD_SPOT`:
      - [ ] `spotter(D3M_ILK).mat` is set to 100% (`1 * RAY`) (:information_source: covered in `config.sol`)
      - [ ] `spotter(D3M_ILK).pip` is set to `D3MOracle` address 
    - `ILK_REGISTRY`
      - [ ] New ilk is added to the registry
      - [ ] `join` matches `DIRECT_HUB` address from the chainlog
      - [ ] `gem` matches the current D3M `D3MPool.redeemable()` address
      - [ ] `dec` matches the current D3M `D3MPool.redeemable()` tokens decimal
      - [ ] `class` matches `4` (`ilk registry class for D3Ms`)
      - [ ] `pip` matches the current D3M `D3MOracle` address
      - [ ] `xlip` matches `address(0)`
      - [ ] `name` matches the current D3M `D3MPool.redeemable()` tokens name
      - [ ] `symbol` matches the current D3M `D3MPool.redeemable()` tokens symbol
    - `MCD_VAT`

>       - [ ] `DIRECT_HUB` is relied (i.e. `vat.wards(address(hub))`)

Reviewer: This test is only relevant when onboarding a new `DIRECT_HUB`.
